{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red213\green213\blue213;\red38\green38\blue38;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c86667\c86667\c86667;\cssrgb\c19608\c19608\c19608;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
\csgray\c57415;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs44 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Airtenuator
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Airtenuator I
\f1\b0\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20200125164059/http://ljunggrenaudio.com/airtenuator.pdf"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs34 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \shad\shadx20\shady-20\shadr20\shado255 \shadc0 Download assembly manual here. (1MB)}}\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 The RYO Airtenuator I is a floating passive attenuator you connect between two modules in your rack via patch cables, acting as a volume/modulation depth control between the source and destination.
\f1\b0\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 \'a0
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 Instead of being built into a module that sits mounted in your modular case these attenuators "float" in the air held up firmly by the two cables connected to it, thanks to the firm fit it is possible to make precise adjustments one-handed and they can also easily be twisted into an angle that works best for the specific task and placement in your patch. 
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 \'a0
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 One handed operation is tested on patch cables from Ad-Infinitum, Erthenvar (standard and IV) and TipTop Stackcables.
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 \'a0
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 The Airtenuator I will be available as a beginner friendly DIY kit, bare PCB* and also assembled and ready to go.
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 \'a0
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 \'a0
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 The production version have black PCB's.
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20200125164059/http://ljunggrenaudio.com/airtenuator.pdf"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs34 \cf2 \strokec2 \shad\shadx20\shady-20\shadr20\shado255 \shadc0 Download assembly manual here. (1MB)}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 \'a0
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 Basic specifications
\f1\b0\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 Length: 58 mm
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 Width: 16 mm
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 Power: 0.2 mA @ 10V signal +/-20% from the output jack
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 Impedance: 50k +/-20% (variable impedance if used backwards)
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 \'a0
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf2 \strokec2 * Regarding our PCB/panel only offerings, please note that these are mainly offered due to popular demand from the experienced DIY community. Hence we are counting on that you know what you are doing and how to source parts. If you feel the least bit uncertain, please consider going for the kit.
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \
}