{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red213\green213\blue213;\red38\green38\blue38;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c86667\c86667\c86667;\cssrgb\c19608\c19608\c19608;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
\csgray\c57415;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs44 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Filter
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Altered States - Dual State Variable Voltage Controlled Filter\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs30 \cf2 Altered States is a dual analog state variable filter in a 20hp module.
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 \'a0
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 The filter cores are 12db/oct and based around the clean and reliable 2164 Quad VCA chipset and offers full voltage control over cutoff frequency and resonance as well as individual outputs for each filter response, including a variable state output with manual as well as voltage control.
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 \'a0
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 The filters are identical in featureset, and featureset is as follows:
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 \'a0
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 Controls:
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 \'a0
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 Frequency cutoff control knob
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 Resonance amount control knob
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 Frequency cutoff CV attenuverter knob
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 Input level attenuator with overdrive knob
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 Variable state control minishaft type
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 Resonance amount CV attenuverter minishaft type
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 \'a0
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 Inputs/Outputs:
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 \'a0
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 Filter audio input
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 Frequency cutoff CV input
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 Frequency cutoff 1V/O scaled input
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 Resonance amount CV input
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 Variable state CV input
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 Variable state output (LP-Notch-HP)
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 Lowpass output
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 Bandpass output
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 Highpass output
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 \'a0
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 Also available are a toggle switches for Combine (links the filter B frequency cutoff controls to filter A), and serial or parallel input routing.
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 \'a0
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 Altered States is a highly versatile dual filter, the input and resonance controls have plenty of range to dial in anything from smooth and clean to harsh, overdriven and screaming resonant tones. The cores are very stable and will give you around 5 octaves of 1V/O tracking sine wave self-oscillation, the LP, BP and HP outputs each have a different phased sine. The state outputs offer seamless fading between lowpass and highpass filter response, with an all-pass/notch response around 50% of the knob setting. With voltage control available on frequency cutoff as well as on resonance and state outs, the Altered States is perfectly suited for the modular environment. 
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 \'a0
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 \'a0
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f2\b\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 Kits
\f1\b0\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 Kits comes supplied with PCBs, front panel (PCB material), component kit, power cable and mounting screws. Solder and tools are not supplied.
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20200123105151/http://ljunggrenaudio.com/alteredstates.pdf"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\b\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \shad\shadx20\shady-20\shadr20\shado255 \shadc0 Download assembly instructions and BOM here (4.3MB).}}\cb3 \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20200123105151/http://ljunggrenaudio.com/products/ALTEREDSTATES/Altered%20States%201.0%20Schematic.png"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\b\fs40 \cf2 \strokec2 \shad\shadx20\shady-20\shadr20\shado255 \shadc0 Download schematics here.}}\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20200123105151/http://ljunggrenaudio.com/products/ALTEREDSTATES/Altered%20States%201.0%20BOM.pdf"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\b\fs40 \cf2 \strokec2 \shad\shadx20\shady-20\shadr20\shado255 \shadc0 Download Bills Of Material only here.}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 \'a0
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f2\b\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 Basic specifications
\f1\b0\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 Width: 20 hp
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 Depth: 45 mm.
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb1 \
\
}