{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red213\green213\blue213;\red38\green38\blue38;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green0\blue233;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c86667\c86667\c86667;\cssrgb\c19608\c19608\c19608;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
\csgray\c57415;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 15-12-2016
\f1\b0\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 We are very exited to announce our first collaboration with Jonatan Liljedahl of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20200125172403/http://kymatica.com/"}}{\fldrslt \shad\shadx20\shady-20\shadr20\shado255 \shadc0 KYMATICA DEVICES}}! The {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20200125172403/http://ljunggrenaudio.com/kymatica%20products/2xvcx.html"}}{\fldrslt \shad\shadx20\shady-20\shadr20\shado255 \shadc0 2xVCX Dual Four-Quadrant-Multiplier, VCA and Crossfader module}} is designed by Kymatica Devices and will be produced and supplied by us at RYO, tune in, multiply, fade out!
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\
Martin Widmann / widy75 made this great timelapse video of an Optodist build. Check it out!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 22-05-2015
\f1\b0\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 A new great video have been published by Ben of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20200125172403/http://divkidmusic.com/"}}{\fldrslt \shad\shadx20\shady-20\shadr20\shado255 \shadc0 divkidmusic.com}} this time featuring {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20200125172403/http://ljunggrenaudio.com/products/vca.html"}}{\fldrslt \shad\shadx20\shady-20\shadr20\shado255 \shadc0 the 3xVCA}}. Showing off the perks of it's signal normalling turning this triple linear VCA into a versatile multi response VCA. The normalling is amodification that's installed on all 3xVCA assembled by us and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20200125172403/http://ljunggrenaudio.com/products/vca%20modifications.html"}}{\fldrslt \shad\shadx20\shady-20\shadr20\shado255 \shadc0 for DIY the modification can be found here}}.
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 04-02-2015
\f1\b0\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20200125172403/http://www.emusician.com/gear/1332/mod-squad-cables-hangers-and-more/49773"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \shad\shadx20\shady-20\shadr20\shado255 \shadc0 The Airtenuator have been featured in Electronic Musician. Thanks for the great article!}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \'a0
\f1\fs2 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20200125172403/http://www.dinsync.info/2015/01/the-dokta-is-inwell-almost.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \shad\shadx20\shady-20\shadr20\shado255 \shadc0 The DrumDokta2 from DinSync.info is soon at your local shop. It features a limited version of Optodist!}}\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 07-11-2014
\f1\b0 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \'a0\cf4 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \strokec2 The\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20191224235722/http://ljunggrenaudio.com/products/Mixers.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 \strokec6 Ampmix}}\'a0is an easy to build precision 4-channel mixer/attenuator with 2.0x gain and 5.0V offset on each channel in an 8hp module that works well for both CV and audio. It has fully buffered ins and outs that offer a cure for voltage drops when passively multing the outputs and due to output impedance/resistor on not properly buffered outputs. The precision can be upgraded even further as described in the\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://web.archive.org/web/20191224235722/http://ljunggrenaudio.com/ampmix.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 \strokec6 assembly manual}}.\cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f3\b \cf2 \strokec2 24-10-2014
\f1\b0 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 Ben from divkidmusic.com is back with more fun and useful inspiration on how you can use two VC Sequencers and Trig Xpanders.\cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
}